[Music]
ten phone settings you have no idea
about you know smartphones have entered
our lives at such a breakneck pace that
not everyone has time to discover what
they're truly capable of
moreover the progress does not stand
still and constant updates bring these
gadgets closer and closer to those
magical devices from science fiction
movies beam me up Scotty we believe that
many everyday tasks can be made much
simpler if you master a few tricks when
handling your Android device counting
down
number 10 cloning applications if you
are lucky to have a fresh version of
Android then you can find a menu option
called app cloner it allows you to
duplicate the desired applications with
a single tap how cool is that
there are a lot of people who access one
social network under different accounts
imagine that now there's no need to log
out and try to remember your other
passwords if your version of Android
doesn't support this feature don't worry
you can download a special program for
cloning applications
number nine downloading videos and
audios from YouTube fooled
it would be so great to be able to
download videos from YouTube
such a shame it's not possible or is it
by default Google hides apps that enable
you to download YouTube videos from its
official store however there are plenty
of third-party developer applications
you can easily get some of these
applications have a well-established
reputation others are new on the market
but anyway all of them work along the
same principle you either paste a link
to the video or find the video via the
app number 8 turn your smartphone into a
digital scale
[Music]
have you always been dreaming of a
kitchen scale to waive the amount of
sugar you need for a cake don't waste
money you can use your smartphone for
waiting small objects for examples
groceries in the store a special app can
transform your gadget into a digital
scale install this app calibrate it with
a small air cushion or any other object
whose weight is known in advance such as
a coin and you're ready to go number 7
switching to 2 window mode with OneTouch
[Music]
want to read an e-book and use a
dictionary at the same time without
having to switch screens nothing could
be easier just enable multi window mode
to do this open the right app and hold
the task list key to the right of the
home button unfortunately not every
smartphone is able to work in this mode
number 6
switching to safe mode
this beneficial mode is designed for
debugging and deleting third-party
applications that interfere with the
proper operation of the phone to enable
safe mode you need to switch on your
phone or tablet press the power button
again and hold it when a menu appears
press and hold the on screen off or
power off key when safe mode option
appears click OK number 5 using offline
maps travelers will find this option
very useful everybody knows that using
mobile internet while roaming can be
very expensive but what if you're lost
and need to use an electronic map the
best solution is to download online maps
to your phone and disable mobile
internet while leaving GPS switched on
your location will still be displayed on
offline maps thanks to satellite data
without any cost to you
number 4 paying with your phone instead
of a credit card
have you ever got into this embarrassing
situation when you come to the shop and
find out you've forgotten your wallet
according to Murphy's Law you remember
about this only at the cash desk
oh boy nowadays everything has changed
all you need to remember about is your
mobile phone with the help of NFC
modules built into many phone models you
can link your credit card to an account
in the relevant system Android pay or
Apple pay this will enable you to pay
with your phone at any of the thousands
of stores that accept contactless
payments
number three a scanner that's always at
hand there are many situations in life
when we need a scanner urgently it
sometimes happens in very inconvenient
circumstances for example in a cafe or
on the train did you know that you can
scan any document or photo with your
smartphone camera to take full advantage
of this feature you'll need to download
one of the special applications that
will only recognize the document but
also save it to the cloud and send a
copy to the intended recipient number 2
unlimited search
how often have you had troubles trying
to phrase your search requests with an
application called Google Goggles you
can find anything you want this apps
peculiarities is the fact that instead
of typing in your search queries you are
using your smartphone camera imagine how
convenient it is when you do searches
related to food household goods images
and barcodes and number one linking to
smartphones together you may not believe
it at first
but it's a fact thanks to OneTouch go
OTG function any smartphone can be
linked to a peripheral device including
another smartphone to do it you need to
fit one phone with a USB female adapter
and the second phone with a micro USB
cable after the phone's identify the
cable and the adapter you can safely
connect them is easy as that
pretty cool huh ready to go try those
tell us the ones you like in the
comments don't forget to hit the like
button below and click subscribe to join
us on the bright side of life
[Music]
you